How to make your Amazon order go thru using Store Cards

BEFORE ORDERING

First of all go ahead and add your card to your account clicking "add debit or credit card". Enter the numbers I gave you and enter your accounts name on the name box. You dont need exp date or anything else. BUT MOST IMPORTANTLY click "do not finance" or "%5 cashback" instead of 12 or 6 Month Finance. ( you can go ahead and change that from ur payment method details on ur amazon)

When you are placing the order DO NOT use VPN. And order from your device that you used to make all your orders. If your IP address is different Amazon will instantly cancel your order and lock the account. Basically dont change your account's default settings.

AFTER ORDERING

After you successfully placed the order Amazon might call you about your order and ask you if you authorize the order or not. If you do not answer the call Amazon will cancel your order. Answer the call and tell them that it was you that placed the order. IF YOU MISS THE PHONE CALL ITS YOUR FAULT AND WARRANTY WILL BE VOID.

After all that dont go on your Amazon and keep checking if your order is still there. You will get email updates anyway.

WHEN AMAZON BANS YOUR ACCOUNT

If Amazon bans your account its most likely 2-hour ban which means you can still order your stuff when you unlock your Amazon. Amazon banned you for 2 hours because  they thought it wasnt under your authorization. So after you unlock and order again you should call them and say that it was you ordering and you authorize the order and dont want the order to get cancelled/account to get banned.

One important thing is sometimes Amazon lock your account for 72 hours but they dont cancel your order. So simply go check your mobile Amazon app and if order is still there then your order might get shipped even tho your Amazon is locked.

BEST WAY TO ORDER AFTER AMAZON UNLOCKS YOUR ACCOUNT (when u get unbanned)

1) Add the card back to the account and wait 12-24 hours without ordering so you can age the card.
2) Call Amazon before ordering and let them know. 
3) Go for Same-Day or 1-Day Shipping (2 day at most)

If you dont follow any of these steps you see up there and rush into ordering $3000 worth of stuff without following anything then your order will get cancelled and you will not receive any support from us.
Always remember that you are buying this shit for a dirt cheap and not everyone will succeed but our goal is to make this shit work for everyone.


How to use : 

Step 1:
Log into your amazon account (Make sure your account aged enough 6month+ and with atleast 1 order)

Step 2:
Find the items you want to purchase, you cannot buy any digital goods. (If you buy Sold&Shipped from Amazon items Success Rate %90)

Step 3:
Add the item to cart and proceed to checkout

Step 4:
Put the address as your amazon locker or reship or house

Step 5:
Put your card number that you have purchased and put the name as amazon account owner name. the expiration date is not needed and will be grayed out.

Step 6:
Press place order with the fastest shipping available.

Select "Do not Finance" if its ask
